Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Listen, I’m Idris Elba. And it is great to be here hosting ‘Saturday Night Live’. 
Before this, the closest thing I did to a comedy was ‘The Wire’. And this is really amazing, I mean, you have no idea how honestly grateful I am to be here tonight. About 20 years ago, I was working down the street from this building on Broadway. Not as an actor, as a doorman. I was the bouncer at Caroline’s comedy club on 49th and Broadway. Thank you. Now, that was my night job when I started in this country. This time of year, I would be standing outside freezing my buttocks off. I mean, it was a decent job, though. I made some great contacts. By which I mean, I sold weed. I’m not proud of it, it’s just a fact. I did get some auditions, I’d walk in for a role, say Brooklyn Gangster number one. The casting director would look at me intrigued and I’d say my line. “Yo, we’re going to run the big apple tonight, mate?” Yeah, I didn’t get the part. My mom would call me from London and say, “Idris, you have to have a backup plan”. I said, “Listen, mom, relax, I have a backup plan, don’t worry. I’m a D.J.” She would cry. So After a couple of years of that, I thought it was time to pack it in and get a real job, like a full time drug dealer. But, my sister, bless her heart, she had her actual job. She worked at Bad Boy Records. You know, Puffy was my biggest inspiration. Biggie was my favorite rapper. But it was a bad time because Biggie had just died and my sister took me to this Biggie memorial, and everyone was there. I mean, everyone. It was like being at a wax museum where wax figures were smoking blunts and drinking alizé. It was so surreal. I remember thinking, “If it’s possible for me to be standing in this room right now, then anything is possible.” So, I decided I wouldn’t give up on my dream and that was 22 years ago to this day.
And a few years after that, I got an audition for a small pilot called ‘The Wire’. And now I’m in the building where Television started, in the city, where hip-hop started. And I’m hosting ‘Saturday Night Live’. So we gonna run the big apple tonight mate. We have a great show for you. Khalid is here. So stick around and we’ll be right back.

