This is an amazing night. I’m so happy to be here. You may know me from a movie called ‘Girls Trip’ it came out this past summer. Starred Queen Latifah, Jada Pinkett Smith, Regina Hall and me, Tiffany Haddish. Now, this movie history, it made over $100 million plus. Okay? And I’m trying to figure out where is my cut of money cuz I have not seen it at all yet. And all my friends are telling me, “Tiffany, you a star now. You big time. You balling out of control.” And I’m looking at my bank account like, “Uh-huh.” They say, “Google yourself.” So, I google myself, ‘Tiffany Haddish celebrity net worth.’ And it was said I was worth $2 million, y’all. But I ain’t seen this money? Where is this 2 million? What do I gotta do to get this 2 million dollars? Do I need to fake my death? Like, do I gotta Tupac this and move to Tyler Perry island? Y’all know Tyler Perry got an island, right? But, honestly though, before I was in ‘Girls Trip’, I grew up in foster care. I want to thank everybody who paid taxes between 1990 and 1999 because if you wouldn’t have paid your taxes, I wouldn’t be standing here today. So, thank you. Thank you. I lived in a lot of group homes. My favorite show growing up was ‘SNL’. That’s my favorite show. And you woulda had no idea how difficult it is to get a bunch of black and hispanic kids to watch ‘SNL’ over ‘In Living Color.’ Okay? Try to convince them that Dana Carvy is just as funny as Damon Wayans was a problem. I got stabbed twice, y’all, in a bunk bed. That’s why I don’t mess with bunk beds to this day. I don’t mess with them. They scare me. They told me I should talk about something that’s going on in the world. Politics, something that’s  a hot topic. Here’s the thing, I don’t really pay attention to the news or anything. All my news comes from a beauty shop. When I get my hair done, I find out whats going on in the world. And women talking about a lot of different stuff. They were talking about in a beauty shop just the other day. About Donald Trump. And we was saying, “Damn! Who is doing Donald Trump’s wig? His lace fronts are off the chain! Like his hair is looking all good since he became the president. What kind of glue is he using? Cuz when the wind blow, it don’t even move or nothing. That’s good hair right there.”And we’ve been talking about the whole sexual harassment stuff that’s been going on. And look here, okay guys. Fellas, I got a tip for y’all. I like to call it Tiffany’s tips. It’s a Tif’s tip. Listen fellas, listen. Okay? If you got your thing thing out and she got all her clothes on, you’re wrong. You’re in the wrong. Wait until she takes her own clothes off, then pull your thing thing out. Okay? Speaking of men getting in trouble and stuff this past few months, I shot a movie with Kevin Hart this summer, okay? And Kevin came up to me one day and said, “Tiffany, you have been to Thailand, China, Japan. You went to Florida. You went to Texas. You was in San Francisco, Los Angeles. And you did all that in a same day?” I was like, “No, Kevin. It took me like two years to go all those places.” He was like, “Really? Cuz I went on your Instagram and you was wearing the same outfit in all those places.” And here’s the thing. That’s what I can’t stand about the internet cuz it’s messing with my fashion game. I feel like I should be able to wear what I want when I want, however many times I want as long as I Fabrezed it. What? Like this dress, I wore it on the Red Carpet for the ‘Girls Trip’ and my whole team, they told me, “Tiffany, you cannot wear that dress on ‘SNL’. You already wore it. It’s taboo to wear it twice.” And I said, “I don’t give a dang about no taboo. I spent a lot of money on this dress. This dress cost way more than my mortgage. This a Alexander McQueen, okay? This is a $4,000 dress. Imma wear this dress multiple times. Okay?” Real talk? You might see this dress in two sketches tonight. Okay? If somebody invites me to a bar, a bat mitzvah, guess what I’m going to wear? This Alexander McQueen. If somebody invites me to all black party, guess what I’m wearing? This all white dress. If another man asks me to marry him, if I ever get married again, and yes, I’ve married before. People are always shocked when I say that like, “Tiffany, you been married?” Yes, I’m a beautiful woman, okay? I might get married two or three more times. I might Elizabeth Taylor this thing. You don’t know. But if another man asks me to marry him, guess what I’m wearing? This dress. And shoot! Don’t invite me to your wedding cuz I’ll probably wear this dress to it too. And if I die, which I hope I never do, I hope I live forever. But if I die and even if I become fat as hell, if I’m the biggest fatass, I don’t care, when I’m laying in that casket, guess what’s going to be laying on top of my fat ass body? This dress. Now, if somebody invited me to a baptist church and they say they want me to participate in the praise and worship dance, I’m wearing this dress to the church and I am gonna dance my butts off in it.

